Edits to PEM with PgBouncer-customer issue PR5950 (#6079)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/pem/9/considerations/pem_pgbouncer/preparing_the_pem_database_server.mdx

  - /pem/latest/pem_online_help/09_toc_pem_configure_pgbouncer/02_pem_pgbouncer_preparing_dbserver/
---

To enable connection pooling for PEM with PgBouncer, you must configure dedicated users and create an SSL key and certificate on the PEM database server. 

This example shows how to prepare the PEM database server with the enterprisedb user on a RHEL-based operating system with EDB Postgres Advanced Server version 16. The location of your data, the configuration and key files, and the user you use to perform the configuration may differ depending on your OS and Postgres distribution. 

## Prerequisites 

> -   You're connected to the `pem` database of the PEM database server. 

Author: ```suggestion
-   Connect to the `pem` database of the PEM database server. 
```

> -   You're connected as the enterprisedb or postgres user. The user depends on your Postgres distribution.

Author: ```suggestion
-   Connect as the enterprisedb or postgres user based on your Postgres distribution.
```
